NTA
NTA. My partners birthday is within days of christmas as well. I usually do one large gift on one day and then just a small gift on the other so that she still gets a gift to open.
INFO

In general, I think that when a wife agrees to stay with a husband, or vice versa, eventually, the family has to respect her decision. In this case, there is another family member involved, the cousin, but I'm not quite clear on why she is so upset. Did your uncle try to coerce her into a relationship? Is he delusional or fixated on her? Why would the uncle tell you that he was leaving his wife for your cousin, if the cousin hadn't agreed to this? I guess I'm just really unclear on what the cousin's role is here, and why she's so upset about it.
You couldn't heat it even one degree by stirring it vigorously by hand.

With powerful machinery, though, you could get somewhere.
it wouldn't taste good
Play with my boobs
This happened to me too. Also in third grade, our teacher told us we were doing a standardized test and that she wasn’t letting anyone go to the bathroom. She was already a mean teacher so I didn’t even asked just peed myself. Later blew up on her for being so picky about my cursive handwriting and blamed my yelling at her on my bunny dying.
100% NTA! If I were a parent, I'd do the exact same thing. If my future son ever cheats on his significant other whether there is a baby on the way or not, I would do exactly the same thing. I would not cover up his act that he chose to do as keeping it a secret is not my responsibility as I've always said and believed that there is no coming back from choosing to cheat on your partner. He needs to man up and take responsibility for his own actions not just to his wife but to you and your entire family. He wants to run away from a problem/lie he caused and it clearly shows. I'm so sorry OP and so sorry to your pregnant DIL.
Doesn't justify your "IdEeYuH".
Meow
Avocados are so fucking expensive.
^
How can we do better?
I never liked Elon but I started to hate him when it came to how wealthy his family was/is versus his self made image. There is a story when he was a kid, his dad was napping so him and his brother took some gems from the family safe and went down to Tiffany's and sold them for $2k (one was resold in a ring for $24k). Dad wakes up, isn't even mad and uses it as a "teaching moment" for the kids about business markups. Ew 🤦‍♂️
I thought it was an off-brand Bop-It game
YTA

I can't understand your thought process which made you think it was a joke.
NTA, and your parents are feeding her narcissism. It's one thing to be supportive and proud of your children, but it's something else entirely to turn them into a self absorbed monster. Your parents didn't do it with you, so I'm not sure why they feel it's appropriate with your sister. Your sister needs a wake up call, and you should continue providing those for her.
It’s usually a slow creep of manipulative BS. It never starts out this way. That’s why even smart women find themselves in this exact situation before they realize it. It’s insidious.
NTA. I think you're being a fantastic mother 💕 please tell Julia
Get yourself wet, start from Top down, leave penis then ass until last

The soap will forget by the next time you shower 

Washing hair can be done at any point

I only blow dry my body if im in a rush, I can rub down with a towel and blow dry hair
A few recommendations:

1.  Have some self respect.
2.  Expect people in your life to respect you, as you would respect them. 
3.  Eliminate toxic people from your life. This includes boyfriends who put you down. 
4.  Have some self respect.
You are the minority
To agree
Masturbate. I've always wondered what it felt like from their side.
This is everyone's story. Look for a new job.
Yes I too am tired of peasants breeding like rats all the time.
Thank you so much
You are both right and in control. So you don’t have to do anything. You already set the boundary. No further discussion is necessary. You don’t need to tell them off, they just simply cannot visit the 3 vulnerable people in your home.
I'm pretty sure legally that money is your cousins. Your wife is gross for suggesting you take the ticket back
They are balls...
Our system incentives bad behavior
A good friend would show you. Might be fun.
You are a Saint. Time to blow their email inbox to hell
NTA
Dodged a bullet our man Steve did. I can't believe she did that three times in a row, that is bold!
It's easy! They can only multiply how many levels deep the employees go. Big organization? 9 levels sounds reasonable. Small business? 1 or 2 levels deep
Taking nude photos of yourself is absolutely fine and totally sexy. You go girl! However, l discourage anyone from using their cell phone to take photos and sending them via text. It’s far too easy for personal info/photos to end up in the hands of wrong people. This goes for posting personal info on social media too. Don’t do it.
Yep. I’ve had two. Worse pain I have ever felt besides the time one of my teeth died.
That slime that cleans dust in unreachable places, it works just a little and I haven’t used it in a year the jar has been sitting in my closet
Yeah and don’t criticize our Lord and Savior Pfauci™ (MBUH) or you’ll face the Holy Banhammer.
Do you know how stupid you sound?
Sorry you are dealing with this. 

The positive I see in your post though, is that you recognize all the value you bring to the relationship. Your self-esteem is stronger and you sound healthier mentally than you might have been in the past, to face the situation, leave her and move on to someone who will treat you better. Good luck to you.
Not always. Some people have tics that are very random. They can basically just say the worst thing that comes to the mind uncontrollably, which in the case of this question could be that they committed a crime. 

For example, there is this gentleman whose Tourette’s is situation. In the airport, his tics become bomb and terrorism related:

https://youtu.be/NjHksLQjpY8
I thought I was the only one with this problem. I’m an army brat. Went through the college Army ROTC program and graduated in 1996. A few years we had bombed Baghdad was when I got active duty. No is simply not in my vocabulary.
No we are all exploited for labor. We aren’t all exploited for sexual labor….
So if my ex consented to having sex with me while we were together does that mean her body is mine to use whenever I want? No. Same concept applies to nudes
What makes you think it’s not a parent abusing her?  You need to let someone higher up in your school know, hopefully there is a school psychologist.
The best you can do is just listen to her. Drop it and dont think about it. Yea i understand youre curious but shes not some specimen that you can dig into because YOU want to know. She probably wouldn't appreciate you digging into that because thats genuinely the worst times of someones life for most trans people.if she doesnt want to discuss it you just have to accept that. If you want to keep digginf youll probably make her uncomfortable and make her feel like you don't view her as a "normal" person anymore, which honestly its kinda what it seems like. You didnt dig into her past etc when you thought she was cis what makes you think doing it because shes trans is okay
At nineteen or twenty I could grow a full beard that looked decent, but it filled in a little more when I got older.
Bro..
Congrats, I don’t particularly care. The point in making it is regardless of which word it is, even if it’s just a common mundane word like “dog”. Being ok with said word, and then not, while yes is ok, but expecting everyone around you to suddenly be able to switch gears is an ass thing to do.
