CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of NTA for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots.
My partners birthday is within days of christmas as well. I usually do one large gift on one day and then just a small gift on the other so that she still gets a gift to open.
In general, I think that when a wife agrees to stay with a husband, or vice versa, eventually, the family has to respect her decision. In this case, there is another family member involved, the cousin, but I'm not quite clear on why she is so upset. Did your uncle try to coerce her into a relationship? Is he delusional or fixated on her?
With powerful machinery, though, you could get somewhere. You couldn't heat it even one degree by stirring it vigorously by hand. But you could make a difference with powerful machinery.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots.
This happened to me too. Also in third grade, our teacher told us we were doing a standardized test and that she wasn't letting anyone go to the bathroom. She was already a mean teacher so I didn’t even asked just peed myself. Later blew up on her for being so picky about my cursive handwriting.
If my future son ever cheats on his significant other whether there is a baby on the way or not, I would do exactly the same thing. I would not cover up his act that he chose to do as keeping it a secret is not my responsibility. He needs to man up and take responsibility for his own actions not just to his wife but to you and your entire family.
"IdEeYuH" is an abbreviation for "Identity Thief" or "Ideal Thief" It is a term of endearment used to refer to a person who has committed a crime. It is not a derogatory term.
 Meow Meow. Meow Meow is the name of an award-winning children's book series. The first book was published in 2007 and has won numerous awards.
Avocados are so fucking expensive. Avocados cost more than $1,000 per serving. That's a lot of avocados.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of New Zealand for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots.
"I started to hate him when it came to how wealthy his family was/is versus his self made image. There is a story when he was a kid, his dad was napping so him and his brother took some gems from the family safe and went down to Tiffany's"
"I thought it was an off-brand Bop-It game," says fan. "I was like, 'Oh my God, what is going on?'"
I can't understand your thought process which made you think it was a joke. YTA! YTA. YA! YAA! YAAA! YAAAAY!
NTA, and your parents are feeding her narcissism. It's one thing to be supportive and proud of your children, but it's something else entirely to turn them into a self absorbed monster. Your sister needs a wake up call.
It never starts out this way. Even smart women find themselves in this exact situation before they realize it. It's insidious. It’s usually a slow creep of manipulative BS.
"I think you're being a fantastic mother," Julia wrote. "Please tell Julia I think she's being a wonderful mother" "I'm so proud of you," Julia replied. "I love you so much."
The soap will forget by the next time you shower. Get yourself wet, start from Top down, leave penis then ass until last. I only blow dry my body if im in a rush, I can rub down with a towel and blow dry hair.
Have some self respect. Expect people in your life to respect you, as you would respect them. Eliminate toxic people from your life, including boyfriends who put you down.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots.
"I've always wondered what it felt like from their side. Masturbate. I'm not sure what it feels like from our side," he says. "I've never been able to do that."
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world.
"I too am tired of peasants breeding like rats all the time. Yes I too am sick of it," he said. "I am sick and tired of it all"
Thank you so much for all your support and good wishes. We are looking forward to hearing from you in the coming weeks. Thank you again for your support.
You are both right and in control. You already set the boundary. No further discussion is necessary. You don't need to tell them off, they just simply cannot visit the 3 vulnerable people in your home.
I'm pretty sure legally that money is your cousins. Your wife is gross for suggesting you take the ticket back. I'm pretty Sure legally that Money is Your cousins.
They are balls... they are balls. They are balls, balls, and balls. That's what it's like to be a ball. They're balls.
Our system incentives bad behavior, says former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. "We have to change our culture," he says. "It's not just one person. It's a group of people."
A good friend would show you. Might be fun. A good friend could show you how to do it. A friend would tell you what to do.
"You are a Saint. Time to blow their email inbox to hell," he said. "You are the Saint. You are the saint"
"I can't believe she did that three times in a row, that is bold! That is bold!" he says. NTA says. "Dodged a bullet"
It's easy! They can only multiply how many levels deep the employees go. Big organization? 9 levels sounds reasonable. Small business? 1 or 2 levels deep.
Taking nude photos of yourself is absolutely fine and totally sexy. However, l discourage anyone from using their cell phone to take photos and sending them via text. This goes for posting personal info on social media too. Don’t do it.
"I've had two. Worse pain I have ever felt besides the time one of my teeth died. Yep. I’ve had two," he said.
"I haven’t used it in a year the jar has been sitting in my closet. That slime that cleans dust in unreachable places, it works just a little"
Don’t criticize our Lord and Savior Pfauci™ (MBUH) or you’ll face the Holy Banhammer.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots.
The positive I see in your post though, is that you recognize all the value you bring to the relationship. Your self-esteem is stronger and you sound healthier mentally than you might have been in the past. To face the situation, leave her and move on to someone who will treat you better.
Some people have tics that are very random. They can basically just say the worst thing that comes to the mind uncontrollably, which in the case of this question could be that they committed a crime.
"I'm an army brat. Went through the college Army ROTC program and graduated in 1996. A few years we had bombed Baghdad was when I got active duty," he says.
No we are all exploited for labor. We aren’t all exploitation for sexual labor. No we are not exploited for sex. We are exploited for work.
If my ex consented to having sex with me while we were together does that mean her body is mine to use whenever I want? No. Same concept applies to nudes.
You need to let someone higher up in your school know, hopefully there is a school psychologist. What makes you think it’s not a parent abusing her?
The best you can do is just listen to her. Drop it and dont think about it. Yea i understand youre curious but shes not some specimen that you can dig into because YOU want to know.
"At nineteen or twenty I could grow a full beard that looked decent, but it filled in a little more when I got older," he says.
"I'm not going to lie to you," he says. "I'm going to be honest with you. I'm not a cheater. I don't do that."
The point in making it is regardless of which word it is, even if it’s just a common mundane word like “dog” Being ok with said word, and then not, while yes is ok, but expecting everyone around you to suddenly be able to switch gears is an ass thing to do.
